hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1954 mystery thriller film
rear window so let's get started
recovering from a broken leg
professional photographer lb Jeff
Jeffries is confined to a wheelchair in
his apartment Jeff's girlfriend Lisa
Fremont visits him regularly as well as
his insurance company's nurse Stella
his rear window looks out onto a
courtyard in several other apartments
during a powerful heatwave he watches
his neighbors who keep their windows
open to stay cool he watches Lars
thorwald a traveling jewelry salesman
with a bedridden wife who fight often
during a thunderstorm Jeff here's a
woman scream don't and the sound of
breaking glass later he is awakened by
thunder and observes Thor wall leaving
his apartment
thorwald makes repeated late-night trips
carrying his sample case the next
morning Jeff notices thorwald's wife is
gone and seas start while cleaning a
large knife and a handsaw later Thor
wall ties a large trunk with a heavy
rope and has moving men haul it away
Jeff becomes convinced that Thoreau has
murdered his wife and asks his friend
Tom Doyle a New York City police
detective to do some research
Doyle finds nothing suspicious soon the
neighbor dog is found dead with its neck
broken
the dog's owner yells across the
courtyard and all the neighbors run to
their windows to see what is happening
except for thorwald whose cigar can be
seen glowing as he sits quietly in his
dark apartment certain that Thor Wall is
guilty of killing the dog Jeff asks his
girlfriend Lisa to slip a note under his
door so Jeff can watch his reaction as
he reads it then Jeff telephones him and
arranges a meeting at a bar he believes
Thor wall buried something in the
courtyard flowerbed and killed the dog
to stop it from digging there so in Thor
while leaves Jeff's girlfriend Lisa and
the nurse Stella dig up the flowers they
find nothing
Lisa climbs the fire escape to Thor
walls apartment and enters in through an
open window
thorwald returns and grabs Lisa Jeff
calls the police who arrived just in
time to save her and end up arresting
her Jeff sees Lisa wiggling her finger
with Miss thorwald's wedding ring on it
thorwald notices and sees Jeff across
the courtyard Jeff phones detective
Doyle and leaves him a message
nurse stella heads for the police
station to post bail for lisa when his
phone rings just assumes it's Doyle when
no one answers
Jeff realizes that thorwald himself has
called and is heading over to confront
him
when thorwald enters jeff repeatedly
sets off his camera flashbulbs
temporarily blinding him however
thorwald grabs him and pushes him out
the window thorwald confesses to the
murders to the police soon after a few
days later Jeff is shown resting with
casts on both of his legs so that was
the spoilers for rear window if you have
another film you'd like to see a spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on
Instagram and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching